# Spring 2020 Foundations of Web Design and Development — Assignment 2 (Basic CSS)

* **Do not edit this file.**  
* **Do not start this project until you have read these instructions carefully.**

## Introduction

This assignment extends on your first assignment by applying basic principles of design using CSS.

## Before You Begin
1. Log in to GitHub.
2. Fork this repo(sitory). See [this video](http://code-warrior.github.io/tutorials/git/github/forking-and-cloning-at-the-github-web-site/) on how to carry out this step and step `3`. **Ensure you’re forking the repository from me and not another student in the course.**
3. Clone your fork, using either the web site or the GitHub Desktop client.
4. Checkout your personalized branch, the one with your name and GitHub user handle.

## The Rules
Before you proceed, make sure you address any issues from the first assignment. For example, if files were in the wrong place; if files weren’t correctly named; if images weren’t the right size; etc.

* You may not use any third-party libraries for this project. All the code you include *must* be your own.
* Create a style sheet called `style.css` and place it in the included `css` folder. All your CSS must go in this file. No embedded or inline CSS is allowed.
* Style the site-wide navigation of your assignment as a row of links, not a column.
* Employ two colors — neither of which can be a neutral — for backgrounds, text, or accents, such as borders, bullets, etc.
* Reassign the default image you used in assignment 1 from `index.html` to `about.html`.
* Add a Creative Commons-licensed image as a hero to the `index.html` page.
* Any images you use must be placed in the enclosed `img` folder.
* Each image you use cannot be larger than 1MB.
* Employ two different typefaces from Google Fonts into your assignment: one for headings and one for reading text.
* Your HTML must be valid, per the [w3c-validation](https://atom.io/packages/w3c-validation) Atom package. You may also validate at [http://validator.w3.org/#validate_by_input](http://validator.w3.org/#validate_by_input).
* Your CSS must also be valid, per the [w3c-validation](https://atom.io/packages/w3c-validation) and the [linter-stylelint](https://atom.io/packages/linter-stylelint) Atom packages.
* Folders and files must use lowercase, combined with kebab case. For example, `do-this` or `do-this.html`. Further, no spaces in folder or file names (`not this`); no camel case (`notThis`); and, no snake case (`not_this`).

## Due Date
⏰ **Friday, 13 March 2019, at 7:00 AM. 🚫 _No late work will be accepted._**

## Submission
Issue a pull request back into the original repo, the one from which your forked was created, before the deadline. [Look at these videos](http://code-warrior.github.io/tutorials/git/github/) for help on how to do so.

**Note**: This assignment may *only* be submitted via GitHub. 🚫 **_No other form of submission will be accepted_**.
